Update CLAUDE.md (#9352)
monarch-initiative/mondo: CLAUDE.md

```
```

## 4. Parent Term Selection Guidelines

```markdown
## Parent Term Selection Guidelines

### For Gene-Related Diseases
- Use the most general appropriate disease category that encompasses all known phenotypes
- For multi-system diseases, consider dual parentage rather than single broad syndromic parent
- Example: For neuro-urological conditions, use both `nervous system disorder` AND `urinary system disorder`

### Avoid Over-Specific Parents
- Don't default to "inherited disease" unless inheritance is the primary distinguishing feature
- Consider the full phenotypic spectrum, not just the most common presentations
```

## 5. Source Attribution in Relationships

```markdown
## Source Attribution Requirements

All logical axioms must include source attribution when based on literature:

```
is_a: MONDO:0700092 {source="PMID:36200388", source="https://orcid.org/0000-0001-9310-0163"} ! neurodevelopmental disorder
relationship: has_material_basis_in_germline_mutation_in http://identifiers.org/hgnc/23386 {source="PMID:36200388"} ! MYCBP2
```

Multiple sources can be cited for the same relationship.
```

## 6. Gene Identifier Verification

```markdown
## Gene Identifiers

> **CRITICAL**: Always verify gene identifiers using the official HGNC database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CRITICAL**: Always verify gene identifiers for human diseases use the official HGNC database:
```
